William I was just saying to the manager
it was it was a great game but no
consolation when you come away
empty-handed no it was you know probably
a great game for the neutral to watch
you know but from our perspective on the
pitch it's not what we want you know we
want to win them sort of games at home
you know we shouldn't be conceding that
many girls at home as a team and you
know we should have put again to bed
when we were when we were ahead you know
we had more than life chances so his
things to look at for us to improve on
but also some positives for us to take
what it's just hard when you know it's a
bit of a signal when you lose a game
like that especially at home yeah to one
up in particular you had two or three
really good chances and at that point if
you do got it got another gold you
probably gone on and sealed all three
points yeah but it didn't fall for us
you know their keepers made a couple of
great sales you know as I had one kid
off the lion half he had another chance
that he was unlucky with age score nine
times out of ten you know so that
there's no blame there but you know as a
team we need to put them chances away
but then I was a team you know if we
don't put them away we need to defend
but Iran we need to say if it's not
gonna really going in at the upper room
will keep them out our and you know and
I'm we didn't do that well enough Eva
sides of it today but um you know to get
free balls against a good team is a is a
positive but you know we know that the
goals were avoidable as a team from a
team you know it's not it's not
criticism on just a defense or anything
I can't be seen like that you know and
you can't be seen as a criticism on just
a forceful not for any chances or you
know so we said role as a team reunited
together in a dressing room so we all
know that we can all do better to
improve of him going forward at times
this afternoon played some some
fantastic football and the three goals
were all tremendous finishes yeah yeah
you know I think when we have we're on
full full flow we um we do well you know
especially at home fans get right behind
us and we've been playing civilian last
football and then I'm you know Zach's on
fire and then a credit to him and says
after you know he's great score goals
and you know you can see he's improving
us already with his work rate and its
movement so I'm those who are in great
form and here they put in great finishes
today and obviously yeah from a personal
point of view were the creator of all
three girls yeah that's you know that's
a night that's nice for that's happened
on it I'm data ish you know but you just
hope that those um there's assists and
those goals you know get young get you
to win but some fortunate today it
wasn't really it didn't really happen
for a spot you know it's potluck so just
positives to take from that but the main
thing is a result we disappointed we
didn't get it obviously throughout your
career you've tended to play mainly on
the right last couple of games you
played on the left how'd you feel you've
done I feel I've done okay you know
manager seems to like it you know I
don't mind which side I play on my game
doesn't really change too much you know
I don't really mind we shot him on so
I'm I'll play wherever the money he
really wants me to them it's for the
benefit of team so happy to do it it was
your 20th consecutive first team start
today you've had to really show you
versatility haven't you because you've
played in the wide areas and also at
times it through the middle yeah you
know the gutters quite fluid in his
formations joining game you know he's
always got a plan B or Plan C for
different situations and you know we're
good enough hard to adapt you know a
couple of times we changed it today and
got back into the game you know the
different formations and you know yeah I
think we've got good player so everyone
can adapt and I'm just another part of
that that just another cog and all in in
the world you know they're just so so
it's important that we can all do that
but um yeah ultimately obviously
disappointing to take nothing from today
but the fact that you've taken on one of
the top teams in this division and cause
them problems that must be some give you
some confidence set ahead of next
weekend yeah I think so you know some
it's a good test for us against a top
team like you can sort of gauge where
you are you know and I think we were
easily the better team today I think you
know if it just has a bit of a
smash-and-grab from their point of view
but lb have to get up coming away to
last you know it's a tough place to come
now we've made it into a bit of a
fortress so I'm credit and overdoing
that part we know you know we can do
better and we'll have a week's sort of
recovery and work on a training ground
that we haven't had for a little while
because of so many games and we can
prepare properly for next week you know
obviously a big game especially for fans
and up with your manager and stuff
so just one final question there Liam
what would you say is a realistic target
now between now and the end of the
season I reckon I think I personally
think we should be looking at easily the
top half and if we can really kick on
you know in a few double is about from
injury as well let me get back to sort
of full strength you know who knows you
know but we should we should we are
easily at the moment a top five team we
just sits up a recently in the past
couple of weeks and uh you know but you
know you're still not giving up on it
you know there's so many games to play
from we think we can win every game you
know we've shown again its most weeks
against the top teams that we are more
than a match for them just unfortunate
that a couple of lapses in concentration
from isolate didn't go for us today but
you know I think we've shown that we are
we can be a match for everybody
you